fix:  troubleshooting guide -watchtower error (#744)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/deployment-errors.mdx

If you haven't been using your Appsmith instance for a while, it could be possible that there might be multiple versions that show up in the error message. In such a case, perform the same steps for each version in order, starting from the oldest.
:::

To prevent similar issues in the future, consider [enabling auto updates](/getting-started/setup/installation-guides/docker#enabling-appsmith-auto-updates) for your Appsmith instance. If you already had auto updates on and still encountered this issue, please contact the [Appsmith team](https://discord.com/invite/rBTTVJp) to determine the cause of the deployment problem

> ## Docker auto update / watchtower error on arm64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Error auto-updating Docker containers using Watchtower 
```

Author: updated

 ```
docker-compose ps
        Name                      Command                  State                                       Ports                                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
appsmith               /opt/appsmith/entrypoint.s ...   Up (healthy)   0.0.0.0:443->443/tcp,:::443->443/tcp, 0.0.0.0:80->80/tcp,:::80->80/tcp
ubuntu_auto_update_1   /watchtower --schedule 0 0 ...   Restarting    
 ```
#### Error message

<Message
messageContainerClassName="error" 
messageContent="auto_update_1 | exec /watchtower: exec format error"></Message>

#### Cause

> On an arm64 architecture, watchtower may encounter errors when attempting to update the containers. This can be caused by a variety of factors, such as compatibility issues with the specific version of the container image being used or issues with the configuration of the Docker environment. 

Reviewer: Are we sure this is ARM-specific? Could it also be incompatibility due to 32 or 64-bit versions? @sharat87 can you confirm this? Context here - https://community.appsmith.com/t/solved-self-hosted-appsmith-docker-autoupdate-watchtower-error-on-arm64/1863.  Thanks

```suggestion
The Watchtower may encounter errors when attempting to update the Docker containers. The `exec format error` usually occurs when trying to run an image on an incompatible CPU architecture. 
```

Author: done

> #### Solution

Reviewer: This solution also needs a tech review

To resolve this issue, update the following line in the docker-compose file:

 ```
image: containrrr/watchtower:latest-dev
to:
image: containrrr/watchtower
 ```

> After making the necessary changes, run the command ```docker-compose up -d``` again to start the containers. If you still encounter this issue, please contact the [Appsmith team](https://discord.com/invite/rBTTVJp) to determine the cause of the deployment problem

Reviewer: Can we move the line "If you still encounter this issue, please contact the [Appsmith team](https://discord.com/invite/rBTTVJp) to determine the cause of the deployment problem" as common to the bottom of this page and avoid mentioning it after every troubleshooting issue?

Author: done
